On average, Mercury is the closest planet to Earth.
In our solar system, Earth has the highest density.
The sun contains over 99.8% of the mass of the solar system.
Jupiter weigths almost two and half times as much as all other planets in the solar system combined.
Saturn has the most obvious rings, but other planets in our solar system have rings, too.
There are no seasons on Venus.
Mercury and Venus are the only planets in our solar system without moons.
The biggest known mountain in the solar system is on Mars.
Uranus is the only planet in our solar system which is named after a Greek god.
Neptune is the only planet in our solar system which was discovered after a mathematical prediction instead of a systematic search.
The International Space Station weights around 450 tons, circles around the Earth with an altitude of around 400 km with a speed of 28000 km/h.
The Hundred Years’ War lasted 116 years.
Each year, there are four months with 30 days.
The closest living relatives of Hippos are Whales.
Hippopotamus means River Horse.
For each human on Earth, there are around one million ants.
Male ants only exist for reproduction in the nuptial flight. Ant queens keep the sperms in their body for their entire life and use them to inseminate their eggs one by one.
The fastest ants run at around 1 m/s.
A Jellyfish consists of more than 98% water.
10 humans are killed by sharks every year. 100 million sharks are killed by humans every year. Humans 
cut off the fins of living sharks and throw them back into the water where they drown.
All odd numbers contain an E.
Every day, the world’s population increases by around 270 thousand. The number of births is around two and a half times as high as the amount of deaths.
The lowest possible temperature is 0 Kelvin.
The highest possible temperature is -0 Kelvin.
Only the elements Bromine and Mercury are liquid under the standard conditions for temperature and pressure.
Osmium is the naturally occuring element on Earth with the highest density.
The first traffic lights were introduced in 1868.
There is a very nice way to tie your shoes which you may not know. The result is identical to the widely known way, but it’s far quicker to execute and can save a few seconds every day.
The 0 is the 32th digit in pi after the decimal point. It’s the last digit to appear for the first time.
There are five platonic solids.
Chimborazo’s summit is the point on the Earth’s surface farthest away from the center. It’s a mountain located in Ecuador.
Iceland is the biggest volcanic island on Earth.
Yuri Gagarin was the first human in space.
In German, “umfahren” is the opposite of “umfahren”.
The launch code for US nuclear weapons was 00000000 for two decades.
Hippo Bot saw the light of day in May 2021.
Parthenogenesis is a form of asexual reproduction. Some plants and female animals of a big variety of species are able to reproduce this way. Some species only have females.
The species of the genus Magicicada are cicadas who have life cycles of 13 or 17 years. Those prime numbers aren’t random. Predators have shorter life cycles and can’t eat all the masses of cicadas which suddenly appear once every so many years.
In Texas Hold ’em, Ace+Ace is the best starting hand while 7+2 from different suites is the worst. There are effectively 169 different possible starting hands.
The Rubik’s Cube has 43252003274489856000 different permutations you can reach by turning the faces. Each permutation is only a maximum of 20 turns away from the solved state. The 20 is also called “God’s number”.
CFOP is the most common method to solve a Rubik’s Cube. CFOP stands for the four main steps to solve the cube using the method: Cross – F2L (First two Layers) – OLL (Orientation of the Last Layer) – PLL (Permutation of the Last Layer).
2 is the lowest prime number and the only one which is even.
The name Google is based on the number “Googol” – 10^100.
Google went online 1997 and was developed by Sergey Brin and Larry Page.
Amazon was founded 1994 by Jeff Bezos.
The Settlers of Catan was originally released in 1995.
The founders of Puma and adidas were brothers.
Pac-Man was first released in Japan as “Puck Man” in 1980. The game features the four ghosts named Blinky, Pinky, Inky and Clyde. Each one has an individual strategy to catch Pac-Man.
A day has 86400 seconds.
The rotation cycle of leap years is 400 years.
Aibohphobia is the (unofficial) fear of palindromes. It’s a palindrome itself.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the (unofficial) fear of long words.
There are 15 red balls in a game of Snooker.
In a single player game of Settlers of Catan, you could theoretically build up to 18 roads without taking longest road.
The “grind” is the cruel massacre in the Faroe Islands in which thousands of dolphins and other whales are killed by natives every year.
An Ocean Sunfish can produce up to 300 millions eggs at a time.